today let's um cross over back to Zod
who's in Beirut we were going to speak
to her about the uh many rallies that
are going on around the world including
in the Lebanese Capital um who's
actually um you might say driving this
particular um uh demonstration uh Zena
because there's a great deal of very
strong feeling about what's going on in
Gaza well no doubt many Lebanese do
emphasize with the Palestinian cause and
they've been watching in horror the
scenes from Gaza the Relentless
bombardment the killing of women and
children this particular protest is
being organized by Hamas we are in
Central Beirut many people here are
Palestinians as well because Lebanon has
a sizable Palestinian refugee population
people here are condemning what the
international Committee of the Red Cross
is calling intolerable human suffering
people here are also condemning The
Silence of the world there's a lot of
anger towards Western leaders saying
they have given Israel the green light
the unwavering support to carry out what
people here are calling the genocide in
Gaza there's also condemnation of Arab
leaders saying that quote it is a shame
that Israeli Flags continue to be
hoisted in some Arab capitals so a show
of support a show of solidarity but
there's also a message of defiance here
Hamas leaders saying that Israel at the
end will be defeated and it will not not
be able to achieve anything by its
ground assault and its stated goal of
destroying Hamas um will not happen so a
message of solidarity but at the same
time a lot of defiance indeed and while
that solid solidarity continues there is
also a great deal of tension on the
border between Lebanon and uh Israel
that's having an impact on those that
actually live and work
there yes the United Nations now saying
nearly 30,000 people have been displaced
by the ongoing conflict in The Border
area a rise of nearly 40% in the past
week alone yes those Villages along the
border are now empty people have lost
their livelihoods uh uh people are
concerned that this could be a
protracted conflict yes many Lebanese
will emphas emphasize with the
Palestinian cause but there are many
others who are against uh Lebanon being
dragged into this conflict what is
happening along the border is a war
between the Israeli military and bah an
ally of Iran a group which has
repeatedly said Gaza will not fall Gaza
will not be left alone it's still not
clear whether or not Hezbollah plans to
escalate its involvement get more
involved and that would mean the
conflict moving deeper inside Lebanese
territory so mixed feelings among
Lebanese who actually were here when or
witnessed sorry the 2006 war between the
Israeli military and Hezbollah which
caused really a lot of devast sttion but
today the country is the economy has all
but collapsed and people are struggling
and so is the state but no doubt the
majority of the people in this country
are supporting the Palestinian people as
uh you know with these Relentless
Israeli bombardments and the fact that
Aid has not been able to reach them
senot forest in Beirut thank you